# module-1-challenge

Module 1 Challenge

In this challenge we refactored html and css code in order to reduce redundancies, change the structure to more effective semantic elements, and address some code errors.  Starting with Github and creating the repository,linking it to my local machine, I was then confused about how to get the challenge files into my repsitory.  I chose to download the zip file and dump those files into my local repository folder.  
On the CSS style sheet there were several similar elements and each was listed individually with style criteria.  I combined many of those and struggled a little bit with what to do with the header styling criteria.  The header section takes up a large portion of the CSS code and I believe it can be simplified.  I may still get to that before I submit, but want to commit all of these changes.  
The html code needed changes to more semantic element names instead of using div repeatedly, updated img alt tags, and rearranged the header and footer to remove them from the body.  I also added the id portion of the code on the SEO section to make the navigation link function properly.  Some questions I have here are; line 26, where should that be?  And how can I simplify that?  I tried renaming the element but that created problems displaying the image.  My other html question is the header div container on line 12, I don't think I need that container but I haven't successfully moved or changed it and still had the menu display properly. 
I am submitting my work as it stands now and will continue tinkering with these questions.   